Adding the session code unit testing tutorial (#415)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/dapp-dev-guide/testing-session-code.md

# Unit Testing Session Code

> This section describes how to test a session code based on the unit testing mechanism. It's recommended to follow the [understanding session code](todo) section before starting this tutorial. Here, we will cover how to test a successful session code execution and how to verify the success of the test program by asserting the return value.

Author: Link will be added after the code merge.

> The session code executes in the context of the account which sent the deploy containing that session code. In this scenario, since the session code is executing in the corresponding account's contexts, it has the same access permissions as the corresponding account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The session code executes in the context of the account which sent the deploy. In this scenario, since the session code is executing in the corresponding account's contexts, it has the same access permissions as the corresponding account. 
```

> In this tutorial, we use the example used in the [sample contract](#sample-contract-used-to-build-the-session-code) section to build the test program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we use the example from the [sample contract](#sample-contract-used-to-build-the-session-code) section to build the test program.
```

## Steps to Create and Run the Unit Test

### Step 1. Creating the test crate
Use the below command to create the test crate. It will auto-generate the folder structure for the test project.

```bash
cargo new tests
```
This creates the `tests` folder with the `/src/main.rs` file and the `cargo.toml` file.

- `tests` - This is the name you provide for the folder.
- `main.rs` - This is the file that contains the unit test code required to test the contract. You can rename the file if required.

> - `Cargo.toml` - This is the file with project configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Cargo.toml` - This is the file with project configurations.
```

### Step 2. Adding the project dependencies
Include the below dependencies inside the `Cargo.toml` file.

```bash
[dev-dependencies]
casper-execution-engine = "1.5.0"
casper-engine-test-support = {version = "2.1.0", features = ["test-support"]}
casper-types = "1.5.0"
```
Importing the dependencies may vary with your project requirements. These are the basic dependencies required by this project.

> - `casper-execution-engine` - This imports the functionalities of the execution engine which enables the wasm execution. Each node contains an instance of an execution engine within it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `casper-execution-engine` - This imports the functionalities of the execution engine which enables the Wasm execution. Each node contains an instance of an execution engine within it.
```

I think we've finalized 'Wasm' as the preferred format/abbreviation, but I'm not 100% sure on that in this context. I've been using Wasm in all instances.

> - `casper-engine-test-support` - This is a helper crate that provides the interface to interact with the execution engine to execute the wasm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `casper-engine-test-support` - This is a helper crate that provides the interface to interact with the execution engine to execute the Wasm.
```

> - `casper-types` - These are types used in the program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `casper-types` - These are Casper's custom types used in the program.
```

```rust
fn main() {
 panic!("Execute \"cargo test\" to test the contract, not \"cargo run\".");
}
```

Adjust the file attributes to support the execution environment. The `#[cfg(test)]` attribute tells the Rust compiler to compile and run the test code only when invoking `cargo test`, not when debugging or releasing. All your individual testing functions go within `mod tests` which indicates the grouping mechanism.

```rust
#[cfg(test)]
mod tests {
    The whole test program resides here...
}
```

### Step 4. Importing the required packages
The subsequent code modules use these packages to prepare and send the session code to the network.

```rust
use std::path::PathBuf;
use casper_engine_test_support::{DeployItemBuilder, 
ExecuteRequestBuilder, InMemoryWasmTestBuilder, 
DEFAULT_RUN_GENESIS_REQUEST, DEFAULT_ACCOUNT_ADDR,
DEFAULT_PAYMENT, ARG_AMOUNT};
use casper_execution_engine::core::engine_state::{
        run_genesis_request::RunGenesisRequest, GenesisAccount,
    };
use casper_types::{
        account::AccountHash, runtime_args, Key, Motes, 
        PublicKey, RuntimeArgs, SecretKey, U512,
    };
```

> - `PathBuf` - This package supports loading the session code wasm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PathBuf` - This package supports loading the session code Wasm.
```

> - `casper_engine_test_support` - This package provides the interfaces to perform the tests using its' builder classes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `casper_engine_test_support` - This package provides the interfaces to write tests and interact with an instance of the execution engine.
```

> - `casper_execution_engine` - This package imports the required classes from the execution engine including the genesis node and related functionalities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `casper_execution_engine` - This package imports the Casper execution engine itself.
```

- `casper_types` - These packages enable the general type imports to the test program.

### Step 5. Defining the constants 
Runtime arguments are defined as constants. It is mandatory to use the exact names as in the original contract class to define these constants. These are dictated by the arguments specified by the session code. If your session code takes in different arguments, you should define them as constants at this point.
 
```rust
const ARG_NUMBER_1: &str = "number_1";
const ARG_NUMBER_2: &str = "number_2";
// This constant defines which wasm file to load and pass to the instance of the EE
const CONTRACT_WASM: &str = "contract.wasm";
```

### Step 6. Creating the test function
In this step, you will build the program to test the contract. 

Start with annotating the function with `#[test]` attribute. This indicates the function as a test function and performs the execution accordingly. The bodies of test functions typically perform some setup, run the code we want to test, then assert whether the results are what we expect.

```rust
#[test]

> mod <your-unit-test-name>{

Author: It's a mistake - here , 'mod' should be 'fn' - please review

   The testing logic goes here...
}
```

> The overall test program structure should be as below:

Author: Please verify whether to keep or remove this part.

Reviewer 2: We can remove this @Buddhika-Pathirathna

Author: Done.

```rust
#[cfg(test)]
mod tests {
 

>     #[test]

Author: I changed the keywords in this section, please review.

>     #[test]

Author: Adjusted.

        mod <your-unit-test-name>{
            Individual test function implementation...
    } 
}
```

> Following is a code sample of a basic unit test for adding two numbers. `should_add_two_numbers` is the name given to this specific unit test.

Author: Kept as it is.

```rust
fn should_add_two_numbers() {

// Initialize an instance of the execution engine and assign it to the builder variable
let mut builder = InMemoryWasmTestBuilder::default();

> // Set up genesis node

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Execute the genesis process
```

    .with_session_code(CONTRACT_WASM, runtime_args.clone())
    .with_authorization_keys(&[*DEFAULT_ACCOUNT_ADDR])
    .with_address(*DEFAULT_ACCOUNT_ADDR)
    .build();

// Create the execution request that will eventually be executed by the EE.
let execute_request = ExecuteRequestBuilder::from_deploy_item(
            deploy_item
    ).build();

// Invoke the EE to execute the session code that we are testing
builder.exec(execute_request).expect_success()
            .commit();

// Verify the results of the execution match our expectations from the contract using the test results
let result_key = *builder
            .get_account(*DEFAULT_ACCOUNT_ADDR)
            .expect("the default account must be present")
            .named_keys()
            .get("answer")
            .expect("must have key as part of session code execution");
let value: u32 = builder.query(None, result_key, &vec![])
            .expect("must have the stored value")
            .as_cl_value()
            .expect("must have some CLValue")
            .to_owned()
            .into_t()
            .expect("must convert the CLValue into a u64");
assert_eq!(3, value);
    }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: We've been avoiding the use of the 'Adder' contract due to it's implication that basic math functions must be coded by developers, rather than being available intrinsically within the Casper platform.

Author: So @darthsiroftardis - Is it ok to keep the adder example in this tutorial?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think for the purposes of this tutorial I am okay with it, our focus should be what the tests look like as opposed to the code we're testing

> The above code snippet starts by initializing the test builder and the genesis request. Then, the contract wasm is loaded to the session code object.  After that, the deploy object is created using the details like payment method, contract wasm, and account address. Then, the deploy object is passed to the created execute request. Finally, the execution engine is invoked to process the execute request. Refer to [creating a test function](/dapp-dev-guide/testing/#deploy-the-smart-contract) for more details about each function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above code snippet starts by initializing the test builder and the genesis request. Then, the contract Wasm is loaded to the session code object.  After that, the deploy object is created using the details like payment method, contract Wasm, and account address. Then, the deploy object is passed to the created execute request. Finally, the execution engine is invoked to process the execute request. Refer to [creating a test function](/dapp-dev-guide/testing/#deploy-the-smart-contract) for more details about each function. 
```

### Step 7. Specifying the binary fields
This step configures the contract file and wasm file path in the Cargo.toml file. This states that the test program uses the contract specified in the given path to execute the logic. Here, the file name 'main' is equivalent to your contract file name.

```bash
[[bin]]
name = "contract"
path = "source/main.rs"

> ```

Author: Please verify whether to keep or remove this part.

Reviewer 2: I think we can remove this

Author: Done.

### Step 8. Verifying the test results
In the above section, the session code is sent to the network. Now it's time to verify the results of that deployment. Once the session code has been executed successfully, we must verify that the results of the execution match our expectations. 

> The below code snippet retrieves the value of interest which is named as `answer`. It is stored under the URef which is a part of the account's name keys. Then, the formatted value is asserted against our expected value to verify the success of the test program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below code snippet retrieves the value of interest which is named as `answer`. It is stored under the URef which is a part of the account's named keys. Then, the formatted value is asserted against our expected value to verify the success of the test program.
```
